Docker: Introduce configuration file (#20256)
Automattic/jetpack: tools/docker/README.md

Configurable settings are documented in the [`./tools/docker/default.env` file](https://github.com/Automattic/jetpack/blob/master/docker/default.env).

> Customizations should go into a `./tools/docker/.env` file you create, though, not in the `./docker/default.env` file.

Reviewer: Unrelated to this PR, but
```suggestion
Customizations should go into a `./tools/docker/.env` file you create, though, not in the `./tools/docker/default.env` file.
```
Feel free to ignore for this PR if you want, but then let's make a separate PR to fix that.

### Docker configurations

> Jetpack Docker provides two types of configurations: `dev` and `e2e`. These configurations defines list of services to start, volumes to map, etc. Both of them extends default configuration `tools/docker/docker-compose.yml` via the config file: `tools/docker/jetpack-docker-config-default.yml`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jetpack Docker provides two types of configurations: `dev` and `e2e`. These configurations define lists of services to start, volumes to map, etc. Both of them extend default configuration `tools/docker/docker-compose.yml` via the config file: `tools/docker/jetpack-docker-config-default.yml`. 
```

> * `dev` configuration is used by default, and aimed for Jetpack development
> * `e2e` configuration is created specifically for Jetpack E2E tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `dev` configuration is used by default, and is aimed for Jetpack development.
* `e2e` configuration is created specifically for Jetpack E2E tests.
```

Users can extended these configurations further via override config file `tools/docker/jetpack-docker-config.yml`, which is git-ignored.

#### Jetpack Docker config structure

> Default config file include inline comments explaining the structure of config `tools/docker/jetpack-docker-config-default.yml`, but here's quick overview. The configuration grouped per environment type: `default`, `dev`, `e2e`. Each type could define `volumeMappings` and `extras`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default config file `tools/docker/jetpack-docker-config-default.yml` includes inline comments explaining the structure of config, but here's quick overview. The configuration is grouped per environment type: `default`, `dev`, `e2e`. Each type may define `volumeMappings` and `extras`:
```
